Account to Profile: One to Many


Profile to Movie History: One to Many

Profile to Review Scores Movie: One to Many

Profile to Queue: One to Many

Profile to Review Scores Series: One to Many

Profile to Series History: One to Many


Movie to Movie History: One to Many

Movie to Review Scores Movie: One to Many

Movie to Queue: One to Many

Movie to Movie Studio: One to Many

Movie to Movie Genre: One to Many

Movie to Movie Director: One to Many

Movie to Movie Cast: One to Many


Series to Review Scores Series: One to Many

Series to Series History: One to Many

Series to Episodes: One to Many

Series to Queue: One to Many

Series to Series Studio: One to Many

Series to Series Genre: One to Many

Series to Series Director: One to Many

Series to Series Cast: One to Many


Studio to Movie Studio: One to Many

Studio to Series Studio: One to Many 


Genre to Movie Genre: One to Many

Genre to Series Genre: One to Many


Director to Movie Director: One to Many

Director to Series Director: One to Many


Actor to Movie Cast: One to Many

Actor to Series Cast: One to Many


Episodes to Series History:One to Many


Explanations:
 
Account: 
Account is a table that stores all the account information required to let users to log in.

Profile:
The profile table is under the account table letting one account have many user profiles.

Movies:
The movie table stores all the data about movies in the database. This is the total list of all movies available. 

Series:
The series table stores all the data about movies in the database. This is the total list of all tv series available. 

Studio:
Our Studio table holds all the production studio information.

Series History: 
This table differs from the Movies History table because both individual series will appear here along with the specific episodes you have already watched.

Review Scores Movie and Review Scores Series:
This table will hold rating information about individual movies and series based on what the user inputs. 

Queue: 
The queue, table is a space where you can put movies you want to watch or have watched. It is a personal playlist for each profile. 






